Apart from this, domestic and international trips are also
available along with it, plus there are yearly contests
which you get in the fully paid version
and you enjoy it a lot
because once you grab the tours of ICC Lombard,
you will understand
what quality of treatment is
done here and it is
very useful for you. Friends, all these things are
for those people who
want to make a name for themselves in insurance, want to do big work
and along with name, you will
also get fame, people will know you,
people will take your autograph. The
working general of all these platforms
is available on a fully digital basis, in which there is
no need to go to any branch.
[Music]
[Praise]
Hello friends, how are you all?
Today I
will share with you complete information about how to become an agent in ICC Lombard. I request all of you
who have come to this channel for the first time to
subscribe to the channel,
share it, comment on it and definitely
click the bell icon, only then you will keep
getting all the latest updates. So first of all, let me
start with my name.  Yogendra
Verma, I am the Recruitment Manager at ICC
Lombard. Friends, today there is a
wonderful opportunity for you to
become an agent at ICICI Lombard. By becoming an agent here,
you can sell health insurance,
motor insurance, and non-
motor insurance.
Friends, this work is available on a part-time basis,
full-time,
and work from home is available. You
can work as you wish. But keep in
mind that there is a huge scope in the
health insurance industry
because ICC Lombard is
well-known for its health insurance. Similarly, it is
also very good for motor insurance. It has a
great working history, due to which
people want to take ICICI Lombard's
policy. Friends, those who are
associated with this company are
earning a great amount.
Working hours ranging from ₹2500000 to ₹100,000 per month
are available here, which
is genuinely available. Not only this,
if we talk about the payout here, then ICICI  Lombard offers
payouts ranging from 15% to 40%.
Similarly, within the health insurance segment, motor insurance offers
payouts ranging from 2% to 25%. Non-motor insurance offers
insurance ranging from 15% to 25%. In
addition to payouts, domestic and
international trips are also included,
plus annual contests, which are
available in the fully paid version. You'll enjoy them immensely.
Once you've taken one of the IC Lord tours,
you'll understand the
quality of treatment offered there. These
services are extremely useful. These are for
those who
want to make a name for themselves in insurance, achieve significant success, and gain fame.
People will recognize you, and people will seek
autographs. The workings of these platforms
are all available on a fully digital basis, eliminating the need to visit a branch.
More than 500 agents are working from all over India
and we provide them training in a fully digital mode
for which
you do not have to pay any kind of charge. No matter where
you are in India,
you can join us and
work. You will have to
see how to become an ICC Lord Agent.
We share complete information about it with you publicly.
To join this, it will be
mandatory to take an exam. The platform is not for those who are already
agents of general insurance companies.
They
cannot get another license in their name. Those who have a
life insurance and health insurance
code can apply. Those
who do not have any code can also
apply. You will have to take an exam for this. The
exam fee will be ₹1.
After paying the fee, you will have to take an exam for
which we will share the learning material
and you will have to go to a nearby center for the exam.
You will get all this guidance from us and after passing the exam,
your work will start. In the first month when
your code comes, it will be
mandatory to take a health policy. Only then
your  The code will be active for motor
otherwise you will not be able to do motor or non-motor work Keep
this in mind that it is
necessary to do at least four health policies in a year only then
your code will be continued This is the working of the first 5 years This is a
mandatory condition that is why I am
telling this along with it so that some people do
not face any problem Some people do not come with a different mindset
Only those who want to work should join
This is the minimum condition friends there is
no maximum limit You can do
as many policies as you want 10 20 50 100 200 500
comfortably and
can genuinely enjoy this platform friends this is a
very wonderful and awesome platform I
hope you have understood what I said
and
how to become an ICC Lombard agent Hello
Yogendra
Vama